README.md, before:

I am doing a infinite Runners Game for NOVA (nova.uni-greifswald.de)

Therefor I need:
1. a runner ( this need to run, needs to be there and needs to jump)
2. points (runner needs to collect them and there has to be something that counts the amount of coins)
3. threats, (something that makes you lose points when you collide with them, when the runner hits them, the value of the threat needs to be subtracted from the sum of points)
4. an infinite backgroundimage
5. a game class where images are loaded, the game is drawn and setup
6. a main file, where the game is initiated ( setup (canvas), preload,)

Recap Day 1: 

I have an infinite Runners Game.
I have a Player.
I have the things that I want to collect - 'Jobs'


What I still need: 
- I need to define the range of the health from 0 to 100
- I need to define the Game Over (0 points or less)
- I need to define the Win (100 points or more)
- I need to have a button, that allows a player to play again
- I want a saying when Extrapoints are catched:  "Nice, dass war der Nightlife Guide" and "Super, du bist auf das Karriere Navi gekommen", "Gib nur deinen Studiengang ein"
  


Bonus: 
 - (would like to add extrapoints like beer (NightlifeGuide) and Goldenes NOVA Logo (Karriere Navi, and StudiIcon (representing Studiengang))
    - They have to be added up to the health of the Player too
 - create a gif out of the player so that it looks better 
 - add better pictures for the coins

 DONE: 
 - I need different kind of points to show the different kinds of possibilities (Job, Praktika, Stipendium, Engagement, Thesis)
  - I need the threats.
   - I need a counter for the points.
    - I need something that represents the health of my Player (check Viking for that)
    - I need something that adds up points to the health when I collide with the job
    - I need something that removes points from the health when I coolide with it (with the threat)
 - I need a counter for the points. --> This should also show up!


Higher Level Goal: 
 Was soll ein User nach dem Spiel verstehen?
 1. NOVA bietet ein Karriere Navi, in dem alle möglichen Arten von Möglichkeiten dargeboten werden
 2. Es gibt den Nightlife Guide
 3. Man muss nur den Studiengang eingeben 
 4. Es ist für alle

Game over
text() MEthod aus P5
keyPressed() muss zu Main dazu, dass man das drücken kann, wenn man wieder anfangen will bzw wenn man anfangen will

Commit message:

changed names of images so that hopefully the deployment works now

README.md, after:

I am doing a infinite Runners Game for NOVA (nova.uni-greifswald.de)

Therefor I need:
1. a runner ( this need to run, needs to be there and needs to jump)
2. points (runner needs to collect them and there has to be something that counts the amount of coins)
3. threats, (something that makes you lose points when you collide with them, when the runner hits them, the value of the threat needs to be subtracted from the sum of points)
4. an infinite backgroundimage
5. a game class where images are loaded, the game is drawn and setup
6. a main file, where the game is initiated ( setup (canvas), preload,)

Recap Day 1: 

I have an infinite Runners Game.
I have a Player.
I have the things that I want to collect - 'Jobs'


What I still need: 
- Sounds while playing
- make the github url work
- I want a saying when Extrapoints are catched:  "Nice, dass war der Nightlife Guide" and "Super, du bist auf das Karriere Navi gekommen", "Gib nur deinen Studiengang ein"
  


Bonus: 
 - (would like to add extrapoints like beer (NightlifeGuide) and Goldenes NOVA Logo (Karriere Navi, and StudiIcon (representing Studiengang))
    - They have to be added up to the health of the Player too
 - create a gif out of the player so that it looks better 
 - I could add more point images


 DONE: 
 - I need different kind of points to show the different kinds of possibilities (Job, Praktika, Stipendium, Engagement, Thesis)
  - I need the threats.
   - I need a counter for the points.
    - I need something that represents the health of my Player (check Viking for that)
    - I need something that adds up points to the health when I collide with the job
    - I need something that removes points from the health when I coolide with it (with the threat)
 - I need a counter for the points. --> This should also show up!
- I need to define the range of the health from 0 to 100
- I need to define the Game Over (0 points or less)
- I need to define the Win (100 points or more)
- I need to have a button, that allows a player to play again
 - add better pictures for the coins
 

Higher Level Goal: 
 Was soll ein User nach dem Spiel verstehen?
 1. NOVA bietet ein Karriere Navi, in dem alle möglichen Arten von Möglichkeiten dargeboten werden
 2. Es gibt den Nightlife Guide
 3. Man muss nur den Studiengang eingeben 
 4. Es ist für alle
